# 📕Assignment 4.5 : Non Prime Number 
### Problem

Write a C program that reads a range of numbers and prints non-prime numbers while skipping certain values and terminating early based on user-defined conditions.

### Requirements:

**Input:**

The program should prompt the user to enter four integers:
- startpoint: The starting number of the range.
- endpoint: The ending number of the range.
- breakPoint: A value at which the program stops printing numbers if reached.
- skipnum: A number that, if any number in the range can be divisible by this number, causes that number to be skipped.

**Logic:**

- The program should iterate from startpoint to endpoint.
- For each number:
  - If the number is divisible by skipnum, the program skips that number.
  - If the number is not prime, it should be printed.
  - If the number exceeds breakPoint, the loop should terminate early.

**Prime Check:**

- A number is considered not prime if it has any divisors other than 1 and itself.

**Output:**

- The program prints each non-prime number within the specified range that is not skipped.
- The program stops printing if the breakPoint is reached or exceeded.
- If there is no integer print out, print **"No Integer"**
### Input

The input consisting of 4 lines:

- **First line:** 1 integer value (startpoint) for the start point of the loop
- **Second line:** 1 integer value (endpoint) for the end point of the loop
- **Third line:** 1 integer value (breakPoint) for the point that the loop must end
- **Fourth line:** 1 integer value (skipnum) for the number that should not be print out

### Output

The input consisting of 1 line:

- **First line:** A list of integer values for the non prime number exclude the integers that can be divided by the skipnum variable

### Example

| Input | Output |
| ----- | ------ |
| 1 <br /> 100 <br /> 50 <br /> 3| 1 4 8 10 14 16 20 22 25 26 28 32 34 35 38 40 44 46 49 50 |
| 50 <br /> 80 <br /> 70 <br /> 5| 51 52 54 56 57 58 62 63 64 66 68 69|
| 1 <br />2 <br /> 2 <br />1| No Integer|


